Where did you take Chen Hanchuan?
I put Hanchuan
Where did you take it?
Chen Hanchuan ran away from marriage for you
You stop pretending here
Chen Chuan ran away from marriage
How long are you going to pretend?
Where is Cheng Hanchuan now?
Tell me now
I really don't know.
know
You don't know. None of you do.
What about the betting agreement between me and the Song family?
Gambling agreement
I owe the Song family a gambling agreement
As long as I marry and start a family
Win cooperation
They gave me 5 million
If it fails
I'm going to give the Song family 50 million
Where am I going to get this 50 million
It turns out that Song Ya, I just want money
That's it.
Although I don't know where Han Chuan is
But you owe the Song family money
I can help you pay it back.
Really?